README.md, before:

# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

Create a simple calendar application that allows the user to save events for each hour of the day. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

You'll need to use the [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) library to work with date and time. Be sure to read the documentation carefully and concentrate on using Moment.js in the browser.

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![day planner demo](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

Commit message:

Updated README file with added assets (screenshots)

README.md, after:

# Work Day Planner

## Description

The page is a primer for an HTML body filled with time blocks ranging between a typical 9-5 work day. Each individual block is an hour interval, where the user can enter inputs, designating each block for an activity, routine, or goal. Entry is stored and saved in local storage until the user edits the block and resaves.

Using Moment.js, the current day is relayed to the header as a point of reference for the subjective user. The current hour is used to highlight the present time block, while others are left inactive until current.

## Ideal User/User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Screenshots

The following screenshot demonstrates the current day relay in the page header:

![page header screenshot](assetsii/plannerheader.png)

The following is a demonstration of the highlighted time block on the current hour using Moment.js:

![highlighted time block](assetsii/timeblockscreenshot.png)
